Wording enhancement (#16009)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/authentication/index.md

* An authentication handler.
* Options for configuring that specific instance of the handler.

> Schemes are useful as a mechanism for referring to the authentication, challenge, and forbid behaviors of the associated handler. For example, a named authorization policy can specify which authorization scheme (or schemes) should be used to authenticate the user. When configuring authentication, it's common to specify the default authentication scheme. The default scheme is used unless a resource requests a specific scheme. It's also possible to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schemes are useful as a mechanism for referring to the authentication, challenge, and forbid behaviors of the associated handler. For example, an authorization policy can use scheme names to specify which authentication scheme (or schemes) should be used to authenticate the user. When configuring authentication, it's common to specify the default authentication scheme. The default scheme is used unless a resource requests a specific scheme. It's also possible to:
```
